# Deploy Rancher


Before installing Rancher, you need to configure the docker correctly to use the docker registry installed
in step (1) . The file [/etc/docker/daemon.json](../etc/docker/daemon.json) is the docker configuration example,
which you can refer to make your docker configuration file and you should
put the file into the folder /etc/docker of your machine, and the file name should be daemon.json as well.


Accessing Clusters with kubectl and a kubeconfig File
Alternatively, you can access your clusters by installing kubectl on your workstation, and then directing it toward a kubeconfig file automatically generated by Rancher. After install and configuration, you can access your clusters without logging into Rancher.

Install kubectl on your workstation. For more information, see Kubernetes Documentation: Install and Set Up kubectl.

Log into Rancher. From the Global view, open the cluster that you want to access with kubectl.

Copy the cluster’s kubeconfig file to your workstation.

Click Kubeconfig File.

Copy the contents displayed to your clipboard.

Paste the contents into a new file on your local computer. Move the file to ~/.kube/config.

NOTE:
The default location that kubectl uses for the kubeconfig file is ~/.kube/config, but you can use any directory and specify it using the --kubeconfig flag, as in the sample that follows:

kubectl --kubeconfig /custom/path/kube.config get pods
From your workstation, launch kubectl. Use it to interact with your kubernetes cluster.

If you have launched a Rancher Launched Kubernetes cluster and want to use kubectl without using Rancher, see Kubeconfig Files.

For more information on using kubectl, see Kubernetes Documentation: Overview of kubectl.